# Bounties

Via [John Carmack](https://x.com/ID_AA_Carmack) I stumbled on a [tweet by @NahamSec](https://x.com/NahamSec/status/1873779040693231680) celebrating his getting a $100k [Meta Bug Bounty](https://bugbounty.meta.com/). Such programmes appeal to me as offering meaty challenges for $s, but by the same token I haven't bothered exploring because I lack the expertise (would be good for learning, but time is tight).

But it strikes me as a great #:usecase for AI research. I have a short list of problems I want to try (which I haven''t written down yet...) of various kinds & difficulty. The [Hutter Prize](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hutter_Prize) is one nearby. Like bounties, I totally lack the expertise. But given a collective of autonomous agents, which will include myself, I reckon such things can become much more tractable.



## Bracelets

* #:semem #:tbox #:clients - hammer Claude while I can (funds ultra-low)
* #:postcraft
* Birthday post
* My schedule post 
* Test No 7 leak fix
* Wood
* Note on AI affordances


---

“Coding” was never the source of value, and people shouldn’t get overly attached to it. Problem solving is the core skill. The discipline and precision demanded by traditional programming will remain valuable transferable attributes, but they won’t be a barrier to entry.

Many times over the years I have thought about a great programmer I knew that loved assembly language to the point of not wanting to move to C. I have to fight some similar feelings of my own around using existing massive codebases and inefficient languages, but I push through.

I had somewhat resigned myself to the fact that I might be missing out on the “final abstraction”, where you realize that managing people is more powerful than any personal tool. I just don’t like it, and I can live with the limitations that puts on me.

I suspect that I will enjoy managing AIs more, even if they wind up being better programmers than I am.
https://twitter.com/id_aa_carmack/status/1762110222321975442