# I Got Sunshine

The weird weather is continuing. For the past few weeks it's been lovely & sunny for a few hours then pouring with rain for a few hours. I was woken by a downpour, now it's nice & bright.

Ok, _Plan_ the way I've been doing it in blog is hopelessly suboptimal. I must devote a few hours to #Farelo, my project for project management stuff, soon. One task is to get the static content I had at https://hyperdata.it back online. This was lowish priority, but I keep finding myself wanting to refer to things there, so I might as well get that out of the way. I don't _think_ there is anything substantive I had on the old server that isn't in https://github.com/danja/hyperdata-static. I do know there's a lot of cruft in that, but I can clean that up later. Hopefully a `git pull`, a revised `index.html` and a symlink will be enough for now.

## Plan

- hyperdata-static
- #Fuseki server
- blog layout tweaks
- #FOAFRetrospective
- TODOs!

- project top levels

- server backup

CHECK WHERE I GOT TO WITH FARELO, FOOLICIOUS, FOOWIKI, GRADINO

danja.gihub.io

### FOAF Retrospective

- site org
- #Postcraft setup
- list of #Transmissions retrieval services etc. needed

- markmap rendering service

### Fuseki

I was getting a 503.

run from command line with :

```
root@hyperdata:/home/services/fuseki# ./fuseki-server --port=3331 &
```

was ok

Shiro file: file:///home/services/fuseki/run/shiro.ini
14:41:40 INFO Server :: Configuration file: /home/services/fuseki/run/config.ttl

in shiro.ini
admin=qwe123

restarted

root@hyperdata:/var/log# less syslog

mentioned

```
 FUSEKI_BASE is not writable: /home/services/fuseki
```

so

```
# Change ownership to user fuseki and group fuseki

sudo chown -R fuseki:fuseki /home/services/fuseki

# Set directory permissions to 755

sudo chmod -R 755 /home/services/fuseki

# Verify changes

ls -ld /home/services/fuseki
```

and _It works!_
