# Good Things Come in Threes

I had to be up unnaturally early (for me) this morning, Mari giving me a lift for a blood test. So I didn't have a coffee until after. Wouldn't usually have been a good start to the day, but the clean-enough jeans I found to wear had €30 in the pocket. No idea when from.
Then when she dropped me back I noticed some new flowers on the balcony (photo here if I get around to it). Two good things.
I totally reject the stupid supernatural nonsense about bad things coming in threes, but today I'm open to the notion of a third good thing. Even a 4th or 5th. Bring it on.

So many distractions, my head is a bit scrambled. But fortunately it's pretty clear what the next few things I need to do are, and all _should_ be straightforward, procedural.

## Plan

1. Server rebuild bits
2. #FOAFRetrospective stuff
3. Bookmark store
4. Write about aligning projects
5. No.7 stuff

6. #Groq on #LibreChat
7. Family email

I've been procrastinating about server admin because I had the tedious job of decommissioning the old server to do before anything else. But that's now done I can look forward. 1-3 above are very intertwingled, and 4. is about jotting down thoughts on how best to manage tasks when there are common demands across projects. 5. is actually highest priority, but I'll be better able to deal with those things after a bit of dopamine from 1-4.

A meta-project in all this is facilitating the capture of any useful information. This blog setup was must-have numero uno, a consistent place to capture notes, under my control, with maximal potential for reuse. The next thing I need is a place to store links. I've been here before, several times. It seems a no-brainer to use a [SPARQL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SPARQL) store.

Oops, I forgot 6. That shouldn't take long, worth getting out of the way, it will hopefully help with the other things.

I've got LibreChat running locally with Docker Compose, it's connecting to OpenAI's GPT4o API fine. But that was ready to go out of the box (just add an API key). Groq appears in LibreChat's list of potential services, but isn't yet showing up in the UI.

**This is exactly what I don't like about Docker!**

Ok, I can't contradict any of the very strong arguments in favour of using containers and suchlike. But there's no denying it's adding an additional component to the stack/system/process. I'm inexperienced with it - for example, right now I'm not clear about where and when LibreChat's config & build files are consumed. There's a `.env` and a
