# Slow Sunday

This post started as _Tired Saturday_ :

> Very late night last night (trying to fix a tv), very late start today.

I've developed a cough. Sean, Mari's Irish friend brought it, Mari got it in the week, now me. Annoying.

Sunday, so I won't feel bad if I don't get much done today.

## Plan

1. Server decommissioning
2. #FOAFRetrospective stuff
3. No.7 garden
4. AI assistant

### FOAF Retrospective

danbri's last message about it:

> I think for foaf collecting raw materials is key
> Like the most interesting or impactful things that ever used it
> Or ongojng use in linkeddata datasets
> Skos is also kind of needing the same but is probably another story

---

### Server Decommissioning

Previous virtual server on Linode that go compromised. I need to download copies of anything that might potentially be useful.

But the server is in a state of disarray, I can't remember what's where. I'll start by looking at the root directory:

```
danny@localhost:~$ ls /
bin                boot  etc   lib    lib64              libx32      media  opt   root  sbin                snap  sys  usr
bin.usr-is-merged  dev   home  lib32  lib.usr-is-merged  lost+found  mnt    proc  run   sbin.usr-is-merged  srv   tmp  var
```

Ok, I guess I should get (most of) :

```
$du -sh /root
```

- `/etc` - 2.4G
- `/root` - 1.9G
- `/home` - 3.5G
- `/var` - 12GB

Not as big as I expected, but still a pain on this slow connection.

Find my _find big files_ script...

```
#!/bin/bash
find ./ -type f -printf '%s %p\n' | sort -nr | head -30
```

Ah. Now I see why `/etc` is that size. Lots of big files for #Fuseki DBs. I'd better get all that dir.

`/root` has a lot of big junk. I'll get rid of some of that before getting the dir.

`/home` - similar. A lot under `.git` subdirs that should be safe to ditch - similar stuff will already be local and on GitHub

`/var` - hah, of course - lots of big log files

Now what's the best tar/gzip command...ask ChatGPT...

```
tar -czvf root_backup.tar.gz /root
```

(It also had suggestions including `scp`, but today I'll do it step-by-step)

Ok, that actually looks familiar. So right away I'll do :

```
mkdir /zips
cd /zips
time tar -czvf server-decommission-2024-05_etc.tar.gz /etc
...
real	1m54.447s
user	1m36.847s
sys	0m12.939s
```

File size is 364M, that's grand.

Now to copy it down. `scp`, but I think it's have to be as non-root user. Ok,

```
chmod -R 777 ./
```

Overkill, who cares.
Locally,

```
mkdir server-decommission_2024-05
cd server-decommission_2024-05

time scp danny@178.79.136.35:/zips/server-decommission-2024-05_etc.tar.gz ./

```

Looks to be working. Dogwalk time.

```
server-decommission-2024-05_etc.tar.gz        100%  363MB 841.7KB/s   07:22

real	7m41.482s
user	0m4.618s
sys	0m7.892s
```

Good-good.
Next, check that's got reasonable contents. Next, clean those other dirs a bit and repeat for them.
