# Do Stuff

That's a note to self. `<h1/>`, broadcast. I'm in danger of going down that rabbit hole of exploring how best to prioritize my TODOs. As a way of avoiding doing stuff. Stop.

Kitchen timer set for an hour. A job outside for a break then, and not before. Focus!

Ok, first thing I need to get out of the way is a working assistant. I haven't splashed out on ChatGPT4 this month and the 3.5 model winds me up, being almost useful, but not quite. [Groq](https://groq.com/) (with a 'q') is excellent good model-wise, _so fast_, but the path between a human and their models is a bit bendy. ChatGPT's interface is better, but still not quite there. I will have to bite the bullet soon and get one or more services tied into my workflow via API(s). But that _isn't high priority_. I've bookmarked a bit of kit on GitHub that looked like it's usable in a ChatGPT fashion, but you get to choose your own endpoint.

First though, ChatGPT4o might be available by now... Ok, who knows, it appears the $20/m is needed to find out that way. So API time, through that GitHub thing.

> [LibreChat](https://www.librechat.ai/) is a free, open source AI chat platform. This Web UI offers vast customization, supporting numerous AI providers, services, and integrations. Serves all AI Conversations in one place with a familiar interface, innovative enhancements, for as many users as you need.

_"We recommend using Docker Compose to install LibreChat"_. Hmm. I'm not a great fan of Docker, I generally prefer to have a car with the hood open venting steam in the yard than driving a rental. But the `npm` install has several dependencies, MongoDB and stuff. Let's have a look at [package.json](https://github.com/danny-avila/LibreChat/blob/main/package.json). Ok, not too scary. A lot of scripts wired in, interesting... But that could be a thief of time. I need to **Do Stuff**.

```
git clone https://github.com/danny-avila/LibreChat.git

fatal: destination path 'LibreChat' already exists and is not an empty directory.
```

Oops. No idea how long ago I did that. I might even have forked it. Dunno. I'll move that dir over and start again.

`cp .env.example .env`

Ok, what's in [.env.example](https://github.com/danny-avila/LibreChat/blob/main/.env.example)?
Looks reasonably clear. Some slightly unnerving things that look like keys, but I'm the client here so not to worry.

I'm pretty sure `localhost:3080` is clear, `mongodb://127.0.0.1:27017` should be ok too. Even if that is MongoDB's default port, pretty sure it's not running on this machine.

```
docker compose up -d
```

Some warnings about unset variables.

It's pulling [meilisearch](https://www.meilisearch.com/docs/learn/what_is_meilisearch/overview) -

> a RESTful search API. It aims to be a ready-to-go solution for everyone who wants a fast and relevant search experience for their end-users

I've seen the name before, not investigated. Seems to be a pay-for service, but with open source bits. Annoyingly the _Overview_ tells you everything except what it is. Yes, it's a search engine, which narrows it down to about 10,000 possibilities. One thing that is clear, it says _RESTful search API_ so it has a HTTP interface

```

```
