# Calm

I woke up calm and rested after a good night's sleep. Had about an hour doing odds & end. All good. Then a video call from my mother, generally all ok but she promptly stressed me out. Headache, and the _No.7 insurance_ thing has changed in my head from being a straightforward process to a _Big Difficult Thing_ (nothing has changed in reality).

I needed to get data from the old server so I could kill it off before the end of the month (so as not to pay for it again). Done.

I also wanted to have something in place as a default AI assistant for _all the things_. I was using ChatGPT4, but hadn't subscribed for a couple of months ($ flow). [Groq](https://groq.com/) was a very good stand-in, but their free offerings didn't seem any use for managing per-task/project conversations. I started setting up [LibreChat](https://www.librechat.ai/) the other day, the plan being to to use it as a front end to _whatever_.

So many distractions, and I wanted to try out ChatGPT4o anyway, so I signed up there again.

Just now I had another quick look at #LibreChat - the Docker-based local install had worked nicely, I just had to add my API key for OpenAI to get that working.

Might as well have that starting on boot on this machine. With a little help from GitHub #Copilot (I have a sub there) I got a systemd service file set up.

```
[Unit]
Description=LibreChat
Requires=docker.service
After=docker.service

[Service]
WorkingDirectory=/home/danny/AI/LibreChat
ExecStart=/usr/bin/docker-compose up
ExecStop=/usr/bin/docker-compose down
Restart=on-failure

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
```

Hmm. It didn't work. Copilot to the rescue :

```
sudo systemctl enable librechat
```

Further probs. I did a load of updating things, still no joy. Then I wondered about a flag Copilot had given me : `ExecStart=/usr/bin/docker-compose up -d`. That appears to have worked! Educated guesswork that should have started sooner with distrusting AI.

## Plan

carried over:

1. ~~Server decommissioning~~
2. #FOAFRetrospective stuff
3. No.7 garden
4. ~~AI assistant~~ - good enough for now

- No.7 ballcock
- Nigel pressie - little placeholder ordered
- draft contract for No.7
- check insurance for No.7

- Groq on LibreChat
- remove \_.md
- articles for #Transmissions
- Service.execute(message)

- project alignment Article

---

### FOAF Retrospective

danbri's last message about it:

> I think for foaf collecting raw materials is key
> Like the most interesting or impactful things that ever used it
> Or ongojng use in linkeddata datasets
> Skos is also kind of needing the same but is probably another story
