# Know Your Place

Two messages here, one for tech folks, one for everyone else.

Same message.

## Everyone

The Web is a remarkable thing. Global communication in a way never before seen in the history. You can say things that can be read by not only friends and family, but by anyone on the planet. This is good, no? But the way your expression of _yourself_ is currently being used is to sell whatever you say for advertising. The tech companies like Facebook etc... not in the business of making your life better, soley to make money.
Don't get me wrong, in the current situation it's fair enough. We get to express ourselves, they make dollars, fine. But this is really horrible when you stand back. We are the product, every word you type into Facebook is being sold to the highest bidder. Milk cows. Buy stuff.

I can't help but be patronizing on this. You are acting like idiots. Giving away your most precious thing, your thoughts, for free to big companies to make money from.

I can call you an idiot because I do the same.
It isn't necessary. We can do better.
How? It is obvious in a way, but almost like secrets of an inner circle, poorly communicated. Shit handshakes.

## Tech People

Right, you fuckers, start here.

There is no way you can take people off Twitter or Facebook. I use them both daily - tech bits/family. But it's not necessary to do much.

I think critical is a single point of origin. But that isn't easy. I've been around this stuff a long time, it has just taken me _ages_ to set up my blog again. (I still haven't put a feed there).
For most people that haven't the time to be banging their head against the wall with their own code, use an existing plantform.

Yeah, plant. Acorn, oak tree.

Something I wish to propose. It might well exist already, but I've not seen it - shit evangelism.

An escape route.

10. So one extreme, what I'm doing here - typing shite on my desktop in _markdown_ that will appear online under a domain name that's my identifier, I've studied computers a long tme

keep going here, to where 0 is posting on Facebook or Twitter, computers are an aid to my day-day, also pics of Auntie Mary

In between, like my brother blogs using Wordpress I think (could be MySpace), there's my place on a different system, but grounded in the idea of a canonical truth. I express this here. Here is a link to it. My words on Facebook are sugar, but if you want to read what I said -> http://there.

My techie friends, can we set up some place to help people get over these things?

There is a very fundamental need in people, I believe, for people to be protective about their things. Gestures of cognition are a projection of material things in evolutionary terms, dunno.
But I do believe that for globally society to function well, things have to work well at home.

A silly points system. How to get better...
Lets make a place to send people to.
Who's gonna name the domain?
