# Today

A bit of a distraction, my mother's unwell wants me to go over to hers. I've said I'll see what I can do - provisionally about 5 days, some time this week.

Loose ends : static server bits, done, below.

Next, get some of the little `hyperdata` browser apps working again, against #Fuseki on this new server. I think all I need to do is set up the endpoints and maybe shove in a bit of starter data. I do need to get the auth working (I'm planning on using LDAP), but that's not a priority right now.

## Plan

- reorg FOAF Retrospective _continues..._
- static server bits - I think that's mostly done for now
- hyperdata browser apps against Fuseki
- project alignment notes
- blog layout tweaks
- ADHD note

### Static server bits

It took me hours to realise why I had the static Web things set up on the old server the way they were, and why I was
struggling to get the missing bits joined in. Because they were all in separate git repositories. So obvious, but it just didn't click in my head. All I need to do is clone them on the new server, pop in a symlink, that should be it.

The login as regular user, su to root bit is a pain, I can't remember how to automate those bits - but AI can -

Locally :

```
ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C "danny.ayers@gmail.com"
(I already had one)
ssh-copy-id danny@178.79.189.240
...
nano ~/.ssh/config

Host 178.79.189.240
    HostName hyperdata.it
    User danny
    IdentityFile ~/.ssh/id_rsa
    RequestTTY yes
    RemoteCommand sudo su -
```

Remote :

```
sudo visudo
...add...
danny ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD: ALL
```

Soo...the bits that were missing I _might_ want to look at in the near future are:

- farelo
- foolicious
- foowiki
- trellis
- schema-editor
- HKMS
- trev
- dork
- environs

_(I haven't a clue what's in the last 4)_

These were all under `/home/hkms-apps/` on the old server. I've already created a `/home/github/` on the new server. Clunky naming, but I might as well use that for things above, symlink from `/home/hkms-apps` to `/home/github`.

Hmm. The tarball I got from the old server is lacking `.git` dirs in the above. I guess I must have stripped them out before zipping. No worries, I'm pretty sure there'll be the same as under https://github.com/danja

Ok, cloned all those except for **dork**, apparently that's _Description of Runtime Klasses_. A Java thing I did ages ago, uses reflection to generate RDF descriptions of the code. I'll leave that one for now, I'm not planning on doing any Java in the near future (no sure why it was on the server like this, hey ho).
