# Journal : 2024-05-16

Yesterday, after lots of dreadful hackery, I _finally_ got to a key milestone with #Postcraft static site builder (an application of #Transmissions). It's working end-to-end. There's still a massive amount of work to do on all levels, but it kind-of corresponds to a Minimum Viable Product (that only I will ever use). Enough is in place that I can actually start using it, it feels like a huge weight off my shoulders.

Today, 5 priorities :

1. Make the pages bare-minimum pretty to put online
2. Put online

Stop. Two will do.

The page styling (CSS now, later little bits of JS etc) files should be declared in the manifest, but for now I'll just copy files over manually. Actually, why bother copying, might as well just point to the originals for now.

Oh FFS!!! It seems I changed something last night after it was all working, and now it's not. I've done `git reset --hard`, nope. (Andwith that wiped some bits of tidying. Hey ho).

So I'll have to go back to the start of the pipeline, trace things step-by-step.
Which does actually give me what might be a good idea : the services do have a _signature_, very like those of function arguments/return value - what they expect to receive, what they pass on.
_Copilot in this (markdown) typing just suggested a "contract" for a service - I like that._
So it should be straightforward to add some flagging, I guess in the common base class (in `Service.js`), in the first instance just for logging/debugging. But the same thing should lend itself to a natural interface for unit-ish testing.

---

Carried over from yesterday:

### Plan

#### Postcraft

**Remember I need to take down the old server**

- [ ] upload to server
- [ ] make everything work

- [ ] Hello World (again) post
- [ ] Transmissions/Postcraft overview post

- [ ] pinned posts
- [ ] Atom feed

#### FOAF-Retrospective

- [ ] FOAF video cleanup
- [ ] Placeholders + manifest for site
- [ ] find papers

#### Kaggle-Preferences

- [ ] get set up, run the demo
