# Iron

This morning I was woken first around 9:00 by Claudio wanting to get under my blanket. He's been doing it all week, seems to like to start the day with a snuggle. I'd just about dozed off again when the alarm on my phone went off, 9:57 (timed so I can have a pee & glass of water before BBC Radio 4 news). Dozing off again, Oriana phoned, asking if I had an iron & ironing board. I have iron which I never use, so I got up and took it across.

I remember last century, all the musicians in South London would use ironing boards as keyboard stands. I'm pretty sure I'll have one somewhere, probably under piles of junk in the cantina, take forever to find. But I do have a couple of spare keyboard stands...

## Today

Make a note of my (intended) schedule.

### form-a-matic

I need to move this on a bit. I really need an RDF instance viewer/editor.

TODO add terms to `project vocab :

```
prj:Requirement a rdf:Class
```

something like `resolution` to point between tasks/goals and requirements.

wait, [this](https://www.pqforce.com/en/blog/goals-vs-requirements-what-is-the-difference) suggests my subgoals are pretty much the same. Maybe sameClassAs??

### Transmissions

Refactoring first, renaming `services` to `transformers`.

I also want to do the simplified runners, scripts that directly call `transformers`. It'll offer a quick & dirty way of setting up (and explaining) transmissions, more importantly make sub-codebases small enough for AI's context windows to deal with.

Hmm...this could make `transmissions/blocks`, each of which could be run as a `transformer` in the current sense.

While I'm there, think about the Turing Completeness goal.

Then, I'm a bit frustrated with the AI coding assistants I've been using. A bit snag is them not seeing what happens at runtime. So I want to attach a shell to an API.

### Server reorg

I've spawned lots of #Postcraft instances that need to go on the server somewhere. I've got a few domain names, so I reckon I'll start by renaming the `hyperdata.it` repo to `servers` and drop the postcraft stuff in there.

TODO tweak `services-config.ttl` so `postcraft/public/home` goes straight to `postcraft/public`

TODO add a postcraft for `danny.ayers.name/irl` for more real projects.

### hyperdata-desktop

Annoying I've somehow managed to break `hyperdata-desktop` (==`pulsar-edit`) while reorganising things. I'm now trying to rebuild, at some point I may have forgotten to do :

```sh
nvm use
```

and got lib versions muddled.

13:03 earlier-than-usual dogwalk, I need a bit of fresh air.

`npm install` mentions :

```sh
--cache=/home/danny/.npm
```

So just in case :

```sh
cd ~/.npm
sudo rm -r *
```
