# Pivots

*Thinking aloud to find the actionables*.

Two artificial deadlines I want to set myself. I've got some vocab in-progress for expressing these, the term being #:pivot. There are two dates coming soon for good markers :

1. Poggi Pivot : Mari's birthday, 2024-01-05
2. Proof Pivot : my birthday, 2024-01-14

The first one, primary goal is getting **some** docs online for **all** my currently active projects. Skeleton summaries/placeholders at minimum, the #:what, a little #:how. But I really want to capture how they relate to each other, the #:why. 

The second one, primary goal is creating a proof-of-concept for each project. The minimum here again is little more than skeletal placeholders. But again, capture of the interrelations is the part I'm aiming for. Get the overall dependency graph formalised enough that it can be used in planning. It's twisty.

Ok, I've got actionables (not far off what I was doing already). For #:PoggiPivot, first step is to wire up all the #:postcraft spaces, make them live.
In quasi-parallel, towards #:ProofPivot, two must-haves : write down core project description for each, maybe in a proposal-like form; write down the #:poc requirements.

This lot in itself is a major grind. But I need to remind myself where I'm up to with everything. Best way to do this and keep it interesting is to see what I have noted for next step #:todos, code up the next little step.

I just did this with #:tbox. While going over it with Claude he gave me an architectural diagram (in Mermaid format) which I found really helpful. I've already got visualisations on the lists, but I reckon this is an aspect I should revisit very soon, to help with *everything else*.