# SigMod

*Not that [SIGMOD](https://sigmod.org/)*

Mari gave me a lift into town earlier for a Dr's appt. We arrived early so waited in the car for a while. Phones out.

Among the more recent of the 1987 Chrome tabs I had open [^1] was [DSPy](https://dspy.ai/). It'd buzzed my radar on some previous occasion, when I only did the most cursory of skims. Today it reappeared from a different direction so I had a better look. A line in the page made me laugh out loud.

I'm sure you're familiar with :

> There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things.

\- Phil Karlton ([Martin Fowler](https://martinfowler.com/bliki/TwoHardThings.html) has backstory & variants)

I've struggled a lot with naming in my #:transmissions pipeliney-thing *sub*project. The fine line between getting the correct term *semantically* but without using a term that is so heavily overloaded as to confuse. A good example was **Service**, which I started with for a particular kind of unit of code. It worked ok for these fairly independent little **node**js chunks that act as processing **node**s in the ~~s/pipeline/graph~~ **Transmission**. But although these things might be implemented as eg. microservices, that term brought the potential implication that some remote-calling protocol (like HTTP) *had* to be involved (they are identified with URIs, another layer of misdirection). Going in the other direction, **Function** was another candidate. The shape is `y = f(x)`. But that's rather a no-no in a language where it's already a reserved word, not to mention that most won't be pure functions, hell to pay from the [Church](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alonzo_Church).

These things appear in the current and only implementation of #:transmissions as a single function wrapped in a class inside an EcmaScript **module**. But they have a single object as input, a single transformed object as output (not really, but ok as first approx, the rest is tangential). Their purpose (first approx) is to process a message. Name I settled on **Process**.

I've been working on #:transmissions for about a year now. The initial motivation was that I had a variety of things to build, they all shared (at a suitable level of abstraction) the same pipeliney structure. I roughed something out, first just for a static site generator. In the *process* bringing LLMs into my workflow, serendipity kicked in. It turned out to be fairly optimal for what you can get in an LLM's **context window**. The **Transmission** at the planning level, and individual **Process**es are all at a level of complexity that the LLM can handle comfortably. It's also humanly-checkable, programming best practices, testable etc. The structural, nuts & bolts bits of #:transmissions do go beyond. I have actually had to think about things myself there (boo!). Still not nailed down enough to proclaim a v1.0.0, still loads in flux.

Going back to the naming. So a **Process** has an **input** (message) and **output** (message) as well as internal **behaviour**. To be able to collaborate with the LLM on these things (and for any future use) there needs to be some #:LingueFranche to describe these things. A quasi-formal language, perhaps. I started with a comment block in the code (so it'd work with JSDoc), since going much more RDF (because WWW). I've still not got the details ironed out, but early on I settled on a name for these descriptions of process **module**s, things in a space not quite **Contract**s, but different from OO/service **Interface**s : **Signature**.  

Imagine my delight on finding this line in the [DSPy](https://dspy.ai/) docs :

> For every AI component in your system, you specify input/output behavior as a signature and select a module to assign a strategy for invoking your LM.

Yeah, I laughed out loud. The context is only slightly different (major overlaps), but I love that I, and the folks behind this had converged on pretty much the same vocab.

[^1]: On Android Chrome, click on the Tabs icon (starts as a number, turns into a `:D` on day one), then click on the (#:todo find Unicode for) 3-dot colon settings icon. This offers Select Tabs. Then you can Select All. It then tells you how many tabs you have open (here, 1991 [^2]), which you can then Save.

[^2]: *Tell me you're ADHD without telling me you're ADHD*  
