# Moonday

## Sort out storage, lighten `/`, clone media to music room
TODO note about zooming in and out of projects, cf. Chris advanced driving

* form-a-matic
* maa-mail
* office shelves
* tibicos
* kitchen table

* transmissions simple runner
* transmissions processor dirs
* ELFQuake init
* transmissions Turing

* turtle writer

* look into calling Termux from Android app (to run #Transmissions)
* look into browser build of transmissions - webpack?


* in fam, modify so fields can be given a sample value for testing
homepage

---

Posted somewhere in the early hours last night

I really like sound of this version of 'Blue Monday',

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHLbaOLWjpc

but there are many, many things about the video that annoy me. A small sample :

* that's a cruddy monochord (I made one as a pressie for oor Nigel, much  more practical & prettier)
* the sig gen looks at least late 40s
* voice short delay effect - how? It's generally taken that the first time an artificial reverb effect was used was in 1947. The producer's bathroom, for this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BIuX7IsdE8
* where is the vocal chorus coming from? (Ok, magnetic wire recording had been around a while, tape was just emerging, you could overlay - but they were all really big machines, valve/tube electronics, I don't see one)
* NO-ONE IN THEIR RIGHT MINDS USES RUSTY STRINGS

However, all these are coumterbalanced for me by intrigue on the 4-stringed hammered thing (what is that called?) and most of all by imagining - Stephen Morris drum roll, tss tss tss...

Peter Hook playing a banjolele.

(I've actually got one, they are probably the most ridiculous instrument in human history. A meeting of the best engineering and craftwor., The end result having the worst features of both banjos and ukuleles.
I'm guessing me dad found it in a charity shop. Has been desperately in need of repair for decades, this might be motivation for me to get around to it. Also the mandolin sharing the same cardboard box I got from a car boot sale years back, which had no back and a broken front, which I *did* resurrect - so badly it has needed gluing back together since a week after my fix- accursed kerfs!).

How does it feel?

https://youtu.be/6uU9ikIg8FU?t=90
