# Brrr

NOTE TO SELF : GRDDL

*it's chilly*

*four times I've changed the date in this' filename. It is still chilly*

Aside from some priority #:todos I won't forget, I have :

1. #:todo `/home/danny/github-danny/hyperdata/workspaces/transmissions/todo/next-steps.md`
2. #:todo Verbo photo
3. #:todo carving prep
4. #:todo 1-page docs (Transmissions urgent)

No. 1. here is :

## Restructure

A #:transmissions processor that changes the shape of a (JSON) message.

Notes in Transmissions Journal #:todo link, today in :
`/home/danny/github-danny/hyperdata/workspaces/transmissions/journal/2024-11-15.md`

I need to use `Restructure` in two places right away :

1. render messages from Claude's `conversations.json`
2. get `README.md`s from all my GitHub repos
3. tidy up #:postcraft, sort out publishing things.

For 1. I also needed a `JSONWalker`.

I got hopelessly confused...

I've spent way too long on these as *necessary tasks*, but it has useful as a learning experience.

At many points I was tempted to simply hack the code for 1. & 2. but at some point last week I broke the #:postcraft transmission in the parts that involve restructuring, so INSERT TOKI PONA

strange, the message is sometimes undefined...


## Transmissions

I'm so desperate to automate this thing! My current process with Claude is close, just needs a little bit more push...



What I'm lacking in the #:transmissions dev is immediacy and integration, like you get in Smalltalk. MORE - it's not engaging me. I need to be told why I should do something.


Near future, I'll have #:hyperdata-desktop for that. In the interim...


I guess I should try Cline.
