# Wordy

#:next Friday is Collation Day!!!

#:next proper runner of Fork didn't quite work, also need to mod all processors for `simples`

#:next try out `engine/ModuleLoader.js` (docs inside it) for remote processors

Because before getting out of bed I was catching up with WordNet.

I was on a roll yesterday, had a fairly productive coding session until late. Made good progress with #:simples, the minimal #:transmission runner. Main requirement turned out to be trivial, simply return the processed `message` from `processor.execute(message)`. For the processors I tried, it Just Worked.

But after sleeping on it, I've realised there's a little snag - processors that fork, like `DirWalker` currently spawn lots of pipelines, emitting `message` to each. But how to cover that with `simples`.

But I've got processor `Fork` as a starting point to play with.  

remember I need videos for Spooky release - and music! #:music:tasty

I've been doing quite a few real-world odd jobs. Now tired & hungry, but still on a roll...



---

## 3D UI a bit like zz structure

Use a games engine?

### main window :

projection of a higher-dimension graph, vector store/LOD

3D cuboid nodes connected with straight line edges. Each with summary info

### nav sidebar :

pan, move, zoom buttons etc

when focused on a given node A there is are lists of nearby (vector) and linked (rdf) nodes

choosing one or more from the list, B, C modifies the viewpoint/axes, making related ones more visible.   

### tools sidebar

rendering styles, with params

params for weightings, so the vector index has a greater/lesser role than the RDF

SPARQL to filter visible



---

#:md:rdf - thought for #:yars

Default `#:` namespace will be defined somewhere locally, but namespaces can be changed/defined in an md doc. Maybe `#:ns:http://example.org` for `#:` and `#:ns:http://example.org/this:th` for prefixes.
