# Lark

*I'm at desk by 9:50, that me up with the lark.*

So much to do...

December, ok. That means I can start `danny.ayers.name/todo/2024-12.md`. I'm still juggling the todo lists, that file will point to project-specific files like `transmissions/todo`, and each of these areas has a `todo/next-steps.md`.

This tells me I need to push #:farelo (project management stuff) up my priorities. That depends to a great extent on my knowledge base. I've got a significant amount of local content-knowledge, but navigating it is painful, I need to get #:semem running.

Sifting the above points me to `danny.ayers.name/entries/2024-11-29_carrot.md`, writing down the project descriptions and todos quasi-formally (markdown that can be transformed into RDF and used in #:farelo) under `danny.ayers.name/projects`.

#:todo use the word 'sift' more frequently, it's more visualisable than 'filter'
#:todo use the word 'primitives' in #:transmissions docs (I heard it used in a tech podcast I heard 5 minutes of before getting up, it'll be useful)

But first thing today, tidy up some nuts & bolts in #:transmissions.

Before that, I need to get the latest Claude export.

` <antArtifact identifier="project-handover" type="text/markdown" title="Resource Ontology Project Handover">`

**14:17** When I went to my todos, they were lacking structure. So I did a little #:yak around #:MarkMap. Just had a #:dogwalk, back to desk :
> Message limit reached for Claude 3.5 Sonnet until 4 PM.

I need to do a bit on #:squirt !!

posters : #:squirt, #:chauvin, #:semem

* #:fam - refactor for #:transmission - so it uses processors, but has `simple.js`

* #:farelo-proximate, update #:trellis, #:foolicious, #:foowiki using #:fam - RDF-Ext inside

> Using the RDF vocabularies you know of together with those in your project knowledge, please create an rdf/owl turtle version of the Model Context Protocol schema...

...later : [Model Context Protocol Ontology](https://hyperdata.it/xmlns/mcp)
