# Solstice

*It's the shortest day!*

I'm ambivalent about Christmas, don't think I've ever partaken of any of the other rituals of the season. But I sure do celebrate the **winter solstice**, in spirit if not in much action (I plan to get a few **beers** later). I can explain best by quoting a late friend of mine :    
> "Nights are drawing in."
\- Geoff Beswick of Priestcliffe (every year soon after 21st June)

I'm pretty sure I don't suffer from [Seasonal Affective Disorder](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seasonal_affective_disorder) in the clinical sense. But I'm a late riser, short days (with the associated unpleasant weather) really do impact my mood, however indirectly. So here, I'll claim the quote :
> "Nights are drawing out!"

---

## More Postcraft

Grrr. Returning to the #:postcraft bits from yesterday, I just discovered a bug that's crept into #:transmissions. I wanted to check how the paths are allocated, so went to isolate that particular operation. But...

The command :

```sh
./trans postcraft.copy ../postcraft/danny.ayers.name
```
should only run the subsection of the application `postcraft` called `copy`. This is a single #:transmission (= pipeline) in  [transmissions.ttl](/static/artifacts/postcraft/2024-12-20/transmissions.ttl). I did put the wiring in place for this, but **fool Danny** once again didn't get around to giving it a corresponding **test**. Or did I..?
```sh
npm run test
```
\-bombs straight out with an error during a test on the `FilenameMapper` processor (still no idea if there's a test for the `transmissions.sub` selector).

Hah! **Fool Danny** once again forgot to run **tests**.

*Bloody hell*, all I wanted to do with this when I got to desk yesterday was to fix a trivial CSS bug.

I suppose I'd best just put a bandaid on the CSS for now, then check the tests. I've been meaning to set up [CI/CD](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CI/CD) bits on GitHub for a while... (I really want such things embedded in #:transmissions itself, so it can notify of any problems preemptively, declare it's own status - [Shift-Left](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shift-left_testing) to the max).

Heh ho. I'll have to leave that for now, got some jobs to do that require **daylight**.
