# Matches

I had a very distracting trip to the UK, and now I'm trying to pick up from where I left off with code projects. I started yesterday, but my brain wasn't yet in gear, so went for something near the top of my to-dos, Install Aider Composer #:link. Did that, called it a day.

This morning when I got to desk the machine was playing silly buggers, so I had to start with an hour of tedious sysadmin.

*Finally*, got to my code proper. Apparently I'd made a good start on #:squirt, essentially (for now) a simple bit of HTML form-based UI for posting stuff to a SPARQL server. I'd been working with Claude Projects, starting with quite a lengthy requirements spec and a bunch of relevant knowledge files.

I ran the latest `npm build dev`, which is hooked into webpack #:link for bundling. I'm using vanilla JS but a key dependency is the RDF-Ext lib #:link. When opening what should have been a form, I got an error : `dataset.removeMatches()`. I've not got my workflow for Aider Composer figured out yet, and couldn't be bothered doing another cycle with Claude just yet. Plan C : **view source**. Took 2 mins to find that it should have been `dataset.deleteMatches()`. Claude may have been drawing on an old version of the RDF-Ext material, but I had given it a bunch of current code in the Project knowledge, so maybe it just got mixed up/hallucinated.

So that's me reminded re. #:squirt. While away, the state of my current online material went under the headlights a couple of times, so that's been pushed up priorities. Make **this** look nice!

I've also got loads of fairly urgent real world stuff to do this week, like taking down a couple of trees. Sunny today, so I'd better make a start on that.

Dogwalk first.  
