# Rainsday

#:todo:tomorrow replace all `Processor` lines `this.emit('message', message)` with `return super.handle(message)`

It's pouring with rain, but I'm hoping to be going out later. When Mari messages to say my meds prescription is ready to pick up, we'll go ut for that, do a bit of shopping and have a coffee. There's also a little panelling job for me to do at hers, when convenient.  

Before I got up I did a bit of exploration around formulas for determining task priorities, with much help from Claude AI on the phone. Got to v1 bits for #Farelo.

## TODO

`form-a-matic` first

get Claude to make a test for extractor.js, sim from form with jsdom

*Interruption - trip into town.*

`form-a-matic`  is proceeding ok. But given the new TODOs below, I'm inclined to procrastinate a little to make a little #productivity timesaver.

---

A #:pain at the moment is the chain of run #:postcraft on projects -> commit projects (in the correct order) -> push -> server pull. I'd better have this as a #:transmission.

...oops, mind wandered from that #:adhd, heh.

Which calls for new processors. Docs can start in #:transmissions:processors (#:specs:md)

Ops, I see #:yars approaching - **Yet another RDF syntax**. I've got notes on #md:rdf somewhere, #:todo:link. But this may have potential for quick & dirty inline RDF, eg. #(anchor):seeAlso:[link](http://url) ...hmmm...

- [ ] define #:specs:md for an arbitrary anchor for *incoming* links anywhere in a doc that can act as an #:XPointer style URL to use in HTML and inline/any RDF statements. Hang on, why not just something like #:.anchor-name

- [ ] look for prior use of "Smart Hashtags" or somesuch  

- [ ]
- [ ] #:markdown #:hashtag parser - needed soon

- [ ] include special handling of `#:tag` for terms with a defined meaning in RDF (with dropdown in HTML : defn comment, linked term defn, vector index link)
- [ ] #:specs #:xmlns doc for `#:tag`


- [ ] paliwan doc - in #Farelo, methodology

- [ ] #:farelo - info capture notes, can start using things like

---

Back to the first diversion. #:transmissions:processors:github - document in `transmissions/postcraft/content-raw/articles/processors/*` and or around #:trans-apps:github

#:todo:transmissions #:refactor - rename SystemsProcessorsFactory etc to something shorter

#:todo:transmissions code generator - a #:transmission that takes as input a prompt including a #:transmissions:signature and using `processors/templates/*.js` as examples, creates a processor in `processors/sandbox` together with a test runner based of #:transmissions:direct. Uses Mistral? API call to check functionality. Loop.

#:todo:transmissions code generator - ditto for applications

https://dotenvx.com/

```sh
npm install @dotenvx/dotenvx --save
```

#:todo:docs:farelo - write up doing 150% work once, for single task, to make subsequent tasks of a similar shape 25%

SO :

#:todo make `.enx` loader processor as `transmissions/processors/system/EnvLoader.js`
#:todo make #:transmission:simple for `EnvLoader`
#:todo make `transmissions/engine/ModuleLoader.js`
#:todo make `trans-apps/applications/git-apps/processors/GitHubList.js`

#:todo make Claudio prompt for making #:transmission:simple apps (script to copy only essentials to a dir?)
#:todo make processors for using API APIs to build processors
#:todo  make the rest of the github callers
#:todo integrate into #:hyperdata-desktop

---

**pali wan**[^1]

#:paliwan

#:markdown

---

I must remember to use the ongoing `danny.ayers.name/todo/2024-10.md`, together with sub-project `todo/next-steps.md`.

Also markdown:

```text
- [ ] todo item 1
- [ ] todo item 2
```

I don't yet have a handler for that syntax,

Chat on LinkedIn has pushed a few things up my priority list.

- [ ] General sites' material presentation (ie. next little bits of #Postcraft)
- [ ] Update my CV
- [ ] What's I've been doing docs
- [ ] Document my current AI process/tips/tools
- [ ] update system prompts

New :

- [ ] investigate making pulsar package ~/github-danny/hyperdata/packages/hyperdata-desktop/hyperdata-package (I created with pulsar built-in package, atom was https://github.com/pulsar-edit/package-generator). First, running node scripts, check node-runner package and x-terminal-reloaded packages - maybe extend latter?

- [ ] #Transmissions/#KIA agent use case (Claudio B. mentioned) : genai chatbot backed by a software manual  

I'll get Claude to help me with my CV. Create a Project "PR" and add some of my small publication PDFs as `Project knowledge`.

Before anything else (but after making a coffee), I'll have an hour or so on #Farelo `form-a-matic`. That feels close to a working v1, soon should be very helpful for my productivity and also feeds a couple of nearby birds[^1].

---

[1^]:  "pali wan, kama pini tu."

I just checked back on this :

https://www.reddit.com/r/tokipona/comments/1fgj8ae/kill_two_birds_with_one_stone/

There was a new suggestion. So I asked Claude :

> What is the toki pona "pali wan, kama pini tu." in English?

<blockquote>
 The Toki Pona phrase "pali wan, kama pini tu." can be translated to English as:
 "Do one task, finish two."
 This phrase uses the following Toki Pona words:

 pali: work, do, make
 wan: one
 kama: to become, to arrive, to bring about
 pini: end, finish, complete
 tu: two

 The meaning conveys the idea of efficiency or accomplishing more than expected - by doing one task, you end up completing two things. It's similar to the English saying "killing two birds with one stone."
</blockquote>
