# Semem POC

*First-thing morning ramblings, deep sea trawling for actionables again*

I have two upcoming deadlines I've set myself:

* #:PoggiPivot 2025-01-05 - get my #:hyperdata project docs sorted
* #:ProofPivot 2025-01-14 - proofs of concept for projects

Both racing towards me. But that's the whole idea, use the purely artificial urgency to motivate myself to **focus**. Success at achieving the goals is secondary, reflected in the fact I haven't actually written down those criteria yet.

Anyway, since setting these I've made a good start on them for [Semem](https://github.com/danja/semem) (Semantic Memory). Which has highlighted one particular flaw in my current processes, that **proof of concept** isn't actually the phrase I intended in the above.

*Somewhere*, probably in a Claude project, hopefully condensed in a vocab, I have (work on) better terms. But I need to get my docs sorted...

The phrase is/should be closer to **minimum viable product**. But I don't like this phrase because **product** *in this context, in my mind* suggests a marketable commodity. As a dyed in the wool Capitalism-sceptic, I have a knee-jerk reaction to this kind of thing. In society at large there is an overarching conflation between a thing's value in a "noble" utilitarian sense and it's bottom line **$ value**.

**Aside** : I have a vague memory of having the same kind of reaction while tech-reviewing some book material by [Shelley Powers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shelley_Powers) a good few years ago. *(This may be a completely false memory, apologies to Shelley if that's the case, but it is plausible and moreover nicely fits this narrative, "don't let the truth get in way..." and all that).*  Shelley is one of my heros of the Web-tech world, and a bloody good writer. But in this particular chapter she made repeated use of phrases like "business rules". Which I repeatedly criticised. There is a legitimate definition of "business" in this context, to paraphrase "the important stuff". But still in my mind the conflation with business in the common-English commercial activity sense made my hackles rise. 

(Btw, I am an experienced reviewer, and key to that role is drawing attention to text that *might not* be quite right. It might well be fine. But I'd say the diligent reviewer should err a little on the side of caution, flag things where suspicions are raised. As an experienced writer, Shelley would know many of such flags were tentative, a legitimate response being to reject them after a cursory mental check - which she probably did in this instance, if it ever happened. For sure, iffy crit is a pain and any crit can be demoralising when you get a downpour (I'd be one of many reviewers doing this). But the patience of Job and thick skin are job requirements.)

Any road... I do hope I did get some clear and accurate terminology nailed down for POC/MVC. Neutral language in the sense of not carrying misleading baggage. What I'm after is more like "demonstration of utility". **Clunky, eh**.

## Semem Demonstration of Utility

I delighted myself with the hubris I got into my working description of #:semem :

> [Semem](https://github.com/danja/semem) is an LLM-compatible context-aware, open-ended graph knowledgebase system combining the advantages of vector embeddings and Linked Data technologies.

But what am I aiming for by 2025-01-14? I actually have an immediate use case with low-end requirements :

**A system I can point to my local FS containing scattered markdown notes etc etc so I can use the stuff efficiently.**

I reckon a baseline #:Semem needs to :

* provide simple similarity search
* cluster related topics at different scales
* create quasi-formalised annotation (metadata)
* make a disorganised, heterogenous corpus addressable as a coherent entity
* exploit LLMs (and maybe trad reasoning) to facilitate new knowledge discovery

Ok, I have some actionables. Mari's picking me up in 15 mins to go for a coffee and I'm not yet out of bed.

