# DB

*I've got drum & bass playing*

Brain slow today because I had a very late night. But I'm quite happy with that, because I actually made it into the music room for a couple of hours. I'm working on a suite of tracks that will share some common elements. What was the word for those 70s prog rock...gottit, I want to make a **concept album**. Unlike virtually all the prog rocks, I want this thing to be interesting.
Anyway, there was a specific idea I wanted to try. The music room has often been painful recently, random bits of gear failing. So I was expecting to waste loads of time being the engineer. Except - everything worked a treat. I got a good first draft of the idea down. In the early hours, this particular part is at 160 bpm. After a couple of hours of that my body had gone a bit hyper. So I ended up taking Claudio for a walk at 5 am. Was enjoyable in a Blair Witch Project way.

## tbox

I've been doing a bit more on this. I need some advice on DNS handling, but to get that out of Claude I need to let him known what I'm trying to do with #:tbox.

> I need your advice on DNS handling. Please consider the following description and tell me your recommendations. The goal of the tbox project is to create an intelligent agent ecosystem, including a knowledgebase, in a Docker container. It will interact with the outside world primarily through HTTP (using custom node services) and the XMPP protocol. It is intended to be used in two ways : as a development environment on a desktop computer or as an online service. Online, I plan to use a domain I control, `strandz.it`, possibly with services on subdomains eg. `xmpp.strandz.it`. I already have nginx set up on the server for routing with https support, so it's fine for the Docker container to expose regular http & xmpp ports without encryption. Locally, a priority is to be able to do selective hot code updates while leaving other services on the container, eg. fuseki and prosody live.  

Ok, after a few cycles Claude gave me some material that looks good, I've saved as-is under:
```sh
/home/danny/github-danny/hyperdata/packages/tbox/docs/artifacts_2024-12-28
```
