# Semem

_a new subproject seeded_

The stuff below got messed up.

Recovered enough to continue, but to clear my head, a little timesaver -

hmm, wait - need a `cat` of my nginx sites-enabled...

There are #:todo bits I need to pull out of the past few day's entries here to go in their correct todo areas...

Today, something like :

1. #:todo #:semem #:spike
2. #:todo `/home/danny/github-danny/hyperdata/workspaces/transmissions/todo/next-steps.md`
3. #:todo Verbo photo
4. #:todo carving prep
5. #:todo 1-page docs (Transmissions urgent)

I need to be keeping ClaudioB informed of what I'm working on, so around those #:transmissions next steps I need to bear that in mind.
Also notes on AI tools I'm using/trying :

- OpenAI API
- Claude projects + API
- Mistral API
- [cline](https://github.com/cline/cline)
- [aider](https://github.com/Aider-AI/aider)
- []

etc.

Grr, lost a lot of time with node module stupidity.

#:todo add rule to #:um - failure is part of the process, but a goal is that things shouldn't fail more than once for the same reason

A thought crossed my mind on dogwalk, must-have base functions for processors :

```javascript
message = expandLD(message, options); // enlarge the Logical Dimension/Linked Data
message = contractLD(message, options);
message = expandLM(message, options); // enlarge the Language Model dimension
message = contractLM(message, options);
```

## Semem

#:semem

This morning Google's 'Discover' (on Chrome on Android) shortcircuited my morning reading in bed with a link to this from MarkTechPost : [Meet Memoripy: A Python Library that Brings Real Memory Capabilities to AI Applications](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/11/17/meet-memoripy-a-python-library-that-brings-real-memory-capabilities-to-ai-applications/) which led me to this on GitHub :

> [Memoripy](https://github.com/caspianmoon/memoripy) is a Python library designed to manage and retrieve context-aware memory interactions using both short-term and long-term storage. It supports AI-driven applications requiring memory management, with compatibility for OpenAI and Ollama APIs. Features include contextual memory retrieval, memory decay and reinforcement, hierarchical clustering, and graph-based associations.

Long story short, it gives me a nice inroad into the _practicals_ of the hybrid SPARQL+vector store bits high on my todo list.

First job, give this a place of its own. I've got lots of material related to the hybrid store scattered around, best I make an anchor. I've made a GitHub repo, now pop that in here :

```sh
cd /home/danny/github-danny/hyperdata/packages
git submodule add https://github.com/danja/semem.git semem
```

I'll put dev notes & docs as they emerge over on #:hyperdata.

First I need a plan, then port Memoripy from Python into Javascript.
