# Wake On Lan

*Last night I got it set up on the office machine. This morning in bed I set up the client side (`apt install wakeonlan`) on the phone, switched on office machine from there, set up VNC. It's Magic!*

I noticed a Claude session I'd forgotten about, related to #:WebHooks in #:transmissions - *hookers* in fact. Can't remember where I got to, but need to revisit when I'm integrating the `HttpServer` processor. https://claude.ai/chat/22c60548-4f26-4bc6-80b4-0720f2329bd5

#:todo Claude URLs to local files map

Yesterday I spent a long while writing a requirements spec for #:squirt to use in a prompt. Made a start on collecting the material for Project knowledge. Slight annoyance with `s/repopack/repomix` as I hadn't tidied up the `ignore` lists. Anyway, **12:57** so I'll have an hour on that, then dogwalk.

#:squirt docs currently under `/home/danny/github-danny/hyperdata/workspaces/farelo/articles/squirt`

Another thing that should probably go in the knowledge #:storm vocab. I've forgotten where I was up to with that...

Ah... Ontology for Filesystem and Web Resources : `/home/danny/github-danny/hyperdata/workspaces/hyperdata/chat-archives/md/d681/2024-11-30_609.md`

https://claude.ai/chat/d681a668-6827-42e0-b98e-5d02cd43a013

Slight distraction. Claude export uses email notification/link. Something else I should automate. Also an agent for my email would be useful given that currently I have **50643** mails in my #:gmail **Inbox**. The count of **Unread** appears to be frequently restarting, I guess as it syncs locally. Right now at **160000**. Did I mention I was diagnosed with #:adhd ? :)

#:hyperdata-desktop support emojis ... one day...

But the email agent is a nice practical use case for #:kia/#:transmissions/#:semem, another human/machine protocol I'd forgotten about.

* IMAP <-> SPARQL server  
* incoming messages -> reader -> notifications


#:todo set up mail server on #:hyperdata.it (again).
