# Danbert

*I just saw a piece of paper I'd written that on. No idea why.*

Before getting out of bed this morning I did a bit of vocab work for #:kia with Claude. I got to desk and started trying to sort out #:semem with Claude - turning first-pass material into running code. I'd only just started when the tokens ran out. Grr!
So I moved on to :

## Postcraft

#:postcraft is a static site renderer built as a #:transmissions application (it renders this blog). About a week ago I broke the version I had been using. Not surprising, it was incredibly hacky, just a placeholder until I'd figured out #:transmissions a bit more.

As I started rewriting that it made sense to make some of the changes to #:transmissions I've had on the list for a while. Mostly simplifications, like flattening all the new RDF terms I was using into a single namespace.

The site rendering does this :

1. walk a given dir containing markdown files
2. render each file into a minimal html content block
3. template each content block into a complete HTML page
4. gather the 5 most recent content blocks
5. template those 5 blocks into a front page (and an Atom feed)

The `DirWalker` process does **1.**, emitting a message for each file it encounters.

The old version had a lot of app-specific processors, totally at odds with the intended philosophy of small reusable processors. At **2.**, for each file it stuffed the raw HTML into files under `cache`, then continued, saving the page HTML in its target dir. **4.** was a horrid hack, somehow involving `DirWalker` accumulating the filenames in the message (I couldn't figure quite how I'd done it). **5.** was a clunky script.

Now I intend to use **Web as the Knowledgebase**.

With Semantic Web technologies, the whole (read/write) Web can be considered a knowledgebase which can express structured information with Linked Data in the exact same space as typical Web pages and media. A SPARQL graph store can be considered a cache of a little data-oriented chunk of the Web, convenient when rapid operations in a particular scope are needed.

(I arrived at this handy intuition years back, just remembered, I'm overdue in restating it).
