Scan ok, no immediate panic. But more needs investigating, medication may be required.

It's interesting how diagnostic procedures are playing out with probably best-case mix of experts. Mari knows a *lot* across the board (gyno/obs surgery specialism). The woman I saw today, expert in thyroid. She seems very thorough & knows her stuff. Also has pretty good English, bonus. There's also a GP & psychiatrist in the loop. Plus me as adequately educated self-observer, plus Web+ChatGPT for reference.

So my last couple of blood tests (~3 months apart, checking because of psych meds) showed relatively high TSH, thyroid stimulating hormone, which happens when it's underactive, ie. hypothyroidism. Also high lymphocyte levels. Patient only reports intermittent mild flu-like symptoms and things (eg.magnetic couch) that could have 1001 unrelated explanations.

The overall lymphocite levels aren't much use in themselves - the values could be due to anything from flu, rodent-borne bacteria to cancer. But (Mari spotted) something something ratio of types of T cells something made things like leukemia unlikely. A test for leptospirosis ruled out ratty.

Today, had a look at thyroid shape. The scan showed nothing notable (slightly dark, but that's not unusual apparently). Local cancer very unlikely.

Next, thyroid doc recommended blood tests around chloresterol levels which apparently thyroid can mess with. It might help narrow down underlying cause(s), but doc more motivated because it'll indicate whether intervention with drugs is needed. She's inclined not to medicate without a compelling reason (which is reassuring!). Also recommended I should see how I feel - I guess I should monitor somehow.

Slight difference of opinion between her & Mari. 
Something still possibly in the frame is an autoimmune disease, there are some associated with thyroid. The doc seemed adamant that it wouldn't be, Mari reckons it could explain the test results. But no real conflict, Mari just recommends more detailed blood tests to check.

Final point related to that. Italian health service seems generally brilliant. I'm pretty sure that there isn't the same kind of intentional damage from the State as being inflicted on the NHS (break it, asset strip, make rich mates richer).
But it is very stretched (aging population, etc etc). Mari tried to get me an ultrasound scan on NHS-equiv, but nearest appt would have been August. There was a much-less-than-zero chance it would have revealed something where urgent intervention would have been vital. 

Instead, private, €142 for scanning and quite a long consultation. Mari was shocked at the price. 
I've heard the kind of prices charged in the UK (even by vets). The leptospirosis test the other week cost about €30. It was a shot in the dark, but I reckon for ruling out something that could potentially have been life-threating, bargain.
Mari is looking to see if there's anywhere local that can do the blood tests she advises. NHS-like would probably mean Pisa in year.

I'm ultra-lucky with this care. But it does make a body wonder which bits could be delegated to the machines, make it best-case for everyone.
